Introduce workspace-vscode-base and workspace-vscode-cpp images (#11096)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: workspaces/vscode-python/README.md

# workspace-vscode-python

> This image is a copy of `workspace-vscode-basic` with Python installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This image is based on `prairielearn/workspace-vscode-base`. It includes Python, an opinionated set of packages, and some Python extensions for VS Code.
```

I'd also encourage you to link to the `...-base` documentation so that users can see details about home directories and such (the problem that you yourself ran into recently on Slack!).

Author: Link added.

Reviewer: I'd be inclined to explicitly say something more like "see [link] for recommended settings when using this workspace in this question", or something like that (please improve as you see fit). We really want people to click that link!

Please make similar changes to the `cpp` workspace image's readme.
